test/data/err_120.py:56:3 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:57:3 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:57:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:59:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:60:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:60:10 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:61:5 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:62:5 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:65:5 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:66:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:67:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:68:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:69:8 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:70:8 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:71:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:72:8 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:73:5 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:74:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:77:18 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:79:12 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:80:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:81:12 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:86:8 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:87:14 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:88:20 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:90:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:91:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:93:9 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:94:9 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:96:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:97:3 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
